## Section 2 Reflection

1. Regarding the blog posts in Part A, how do you feel about asking questions? Do you tend to ask them too soon, or wait too long, or somewhere in between? I do feel better about asking questions.  I tend to wait too long to ask questions until I get settled and then I can tend to ask too often.n It takes me a few weeks to get to a comfortable place.  But I tend to start out waiting too long.  

1. In this section, we removed some of the supports that you had in Section 1. We didn't give the directions for how to run a file in node, and really sent you off to learn about functions by exploring several outside resources. How did that feel? What was uncomfortable about it? How did it support your learning? It was uncomfortable to start.  However,  it is empowering to be set off  in a direction  to figure it out on your own a bit.  It was uncomfortable because in prior classes, almost every step is explained and it is your responsibility to commit it to memory.  This can lead to not really understanding the why behind a concept - so far the method used in these exercises is helping with feeling more confident step by step.. even making mistakes and working through them is part of the learning  process for this course.

1. What is a conditional statement? Give one example of a daily life conditional. Give one example of where a conditional is probably used in a web application you use. A conditional statement is telling the computer to do one thing or another thing based on criteria provided.  An example of a real life conditional is providing my son with something to drink.  He wants milk - however if there is no milk, I give him water.
An example of a web application conditional.. I  like to play web application games..  and if I don't have enough energy to do  a specific action, the application will flash a message to say there is not enough energy and usually point me to a place to get energy.  That is a conditional -It will attempt to do an action, if it cannot it will perform a different action.

1. How do you add multiple conditions to an `if` statement? In your own words, explain how to program reads them and determines what to do. Multiple conditions leads to multiple checks by using `else if` statements.  It starts with  the  first `if`  statement and if conditions are met, it produces a result.   However, if conditions are not met, it moves to  the next `else if`  statement and repeats the process.  If none of the conditions are met than we close with a final `else` to give a result.

1. What tools are available to you, as a developer, if you want to check that TWO conditions are met? Or, if you want to check that 1 of 2 conditions are met, before running a block of code?  The logical `AND` and `OR` operators  are tools used by a developer.  The  logical `AND` operator is used to determine whether if (in boolean) values are true or false.. if 2 values are compared and both are true than the result is true - all  other results are false.  And the opposite for a logical `OR` operator.  It only produces a false if both values are false.   

1. What questions do you still have about `if` statements and/or functions?
I am fuzzy on logical operators that are not booleans.  How can you determine what the result would be?  I understand values true and false... but none booleans logical operators are not as clear for me. 
